# Project Details

The objective of this project is to develop a demo online shopping website that is capable of tracking the mouse movement of the user over different attributes of the product and save the time spent by the user in each attribute. The website used in this project was developed in HTML using the bootstrap framework so that the website can be responsive. PHP was used as the server-side scripting language. To transfer data from the Client side to server side, Ajax function of JavaScript was used. The database was designed in MySQL and PHP script were written to connect and transfer data between MySQL and the Apache server.
The main feature of the website is that it can track the mouse movement of the user, measure the time spent on each attribute and finally save the data into the database. This feature has been implemented by using jQuery library. Few JavaScript code snippet was written using hover function of jQuery library that triggers to save the current DateTime when the cursor enters and leaves a particular attribute and calculates the time spent on that attribute by subtracting the entering time from the leaving time of the cursor. Time spent on each attribute then store into a JSON object and an Ajax function is called in each five second to store the data into the database. In this case, previous data is fetched from the database to add the current data to it and then store the updated data into the database. The mouse movement data is only saved into the database if the user is signed into the website to track the user.
For report generation purpose, an open source library is used that can generate excel file from the array. A query is called to fetch all the data, store it into a multi-dimensional array. Finally, data from the array is exported as an excel file which can be further use as the dataset for any machine learning model.
